Update index.md (#99)
trywilco/wilco-docs: docs/building-your-quest/actions/index.md

> | [network_find_selector]                  | Network   | Evaluate `innerText` of an element matching a specified selector in a page        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [network_find_selector]                  | Network   | Evaluate `innerText` of an element matching a specified selector in a page.        |
```

> | [finish_step]                            | Quest     | Advance the user to next step or finish quest in case this is the last step       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [finish_step]                            | Quest     | Advance the user to the next step or finish the quest if this is the last step.       |
```

| [quest_notification]                     | Quest     | Notify a user about an event that happened while in a quest.                      |

> | [ready_response_message]                 | Chat      | Send ready/not yet buttons to the user to get a readiness signal                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [ready_response_message]                 | Chat      | Send the "ready"/"not yet" buttons to the user for a readiness signal.                  |
```
